Add XCFramework support for CocoaPods (#2237)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

### App Center

* **[Fix]** Fix `double-quoted` warnings in Xcode 12.

> * **[Feature]** Add support of XCFramework to the Cocoapods. Cocoapods version 9.0+ is requirement now.

Reviewer: 9.0? It was 1.9

* **[Fix]** Fix `double-quoted` warnings in Xcode 12.
* **[Fix]** Fix a crash when SQLite returns zero for `page_size`.

> * **[Feature]** Add support of XCFramework to the Cocoapods. Cocoapods version 1.9+ is requirement now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Feature]** Use XCFramework format for the binary distribution via CocoaPods. CocoaPods version 1.9+ is a requirement now.
```
